Two idiots can't even handle this little thing
Sorry general
Incompetent subordinates
I-I don't know.
That Chen Bufan, he rushed in and gave me a slap
I woke up on the street
Which one of the children of the noble family does not know martial arts?
I don't want to hear your excuses
Your failure disrupted my overall plan
But no matter how powerful Chen Bufan is
Is that not as good as you?
I'm going to catch that Ye Linghan now
Forcibly record video
You fool
Do you think he will fall for it again?
I'll give you another task.
If you make another mistake
Just take care of yourself
Absolutely no stumbling
Even if it is up the mountain of knives and down the sea of fire
Introduce you to a woman
The fastest time you can turn her into your girlfriend
Girlfriend is ok
Go
Chen Bufan, are you guilty?